- So Mom sent me a birthday
present from Mozambique.
She says it symbolizes
feminine strength
and made her think of me.
- The resemblance is uncanny.
Especially around the face area.
- Sixteenth birthday.
So exciting. Any idea what
you want to do on your big day?
- Go out for Tepanyacki.
- Really?
- Yeah.
That's what we always do.
- I love how they chop
the food up
and cook it right in front
of you.
- Are you sure
that's what you want to do,
Gabby, for your 16th birthday?
- And I was thinking this year
maybe Noah can join us?
- But it's our family place.
It's just for the five of us.
And Grandma Maggie.
And whatever two strangers
they put at our table.
- Dad...
- [sighs] Fine. He can come.
But he sits on the end
with the strangers.
- Aw... thanks, Dad.
- Charlie!
- What? I relented.
- No, clearly she wants
a surprise party.
- What? Where do you get
that out of Tepanyacki?
- I got that out of "duh."
Nobody wants some lame family
dinner for their sweet 16.
- Hey, there's nothing lame
about yacki.
- Yeah, it's
like a food tornado--
meat and noodles flying
all over the place.
- She can have that at home.
I can make meat and noodles
fly around.
- We know. We all remember
the linguine-on-the-ceiling
incident.
- That's how you test
if it's done.
- [all] It's done.
- ♪
♪ Yeah Hey ♪
♪
♪ Huh Huh Huh Huh ♪
- So then Gabby walks in and
everyone screams "surprise!"
- Are you really explaining
surprise parties to me?
- I wasn't sure
you knew how they worked
since you never gave me one.
- Oh, here we go again!
I told you
why I never gave you one.
Because I was busy raising you.
And it's a stupid thing.
- Ah, it's not stupid. It's fun.
- Oh, it's a whole lot of hassle
for five seconds
of whoo-whoo-whoo.
Just tell her it's happening
and let her plan it with you.
- No, I am not going to deny
Gabby what you denied me.
I am going
to parent better than you did.
- Parent better than I did?
- I'm just saying I've
gotten pretty good at this.
- Well, then we are going
to do it your way--
your better-parent way.
- Thank you. Can I put you
down for hors d'oeuvres?
- No.
Tiny food makes
my hands look big.
But I tell you what
I'll do the invitations.
That way, Gabby won't see
them laying around.
- Good thinking.
You do the invites.
I'll handle the food.
[door opens]
- GABBY: Hey, I'm home.
- Oh. She's supposed to be
at Molly's.
- Hey, guys.
You doing some kind
of retirement party?
- No!
Why would you say
retirement party?
'Cause it's in a banquet hall
and there's a waffle station.
- This doesn't sound
like a cool party?
- Nothing I'd think was cool.
- The waffles have on toppings.
- My grandmother loves toppings.
But not caramel
because her teeth come out.
- Yeah. Remember
that time we gave
her kettle corn and she was all,
[affected accent] "This kettle
corn is just so delicious."
- Did you hear that?
- Mm-hmm. They're mean
to that grandmomma.
♪
- Can I look now?
- No, you'll have to experience
a total brain melt
Gabby will have
when she sees what we got her.
This car only cost me 50 bucks.
Plus another 50 to have
it brought here by flatbed.
You know it's a quality vehicle
when it's delivered on top
of another vehicle.
And the best part,
Gabby will owe me.
She'll have
to drive me anywhere I want.
I got a business I want
to get off the ground.
- Importing baby hippos.
- Why would I do that?
- Nobody else is doing it.
We would own the hippo business.
And also, perhaps, a hippo.
- I was thinking left
over pizza delivery.
And now I can't get your stupid
hippo thing out of my head.
- Look, when I'm 12,
we're doing it.
- Forget that.
Let's fire this baby up.
[click]
- It's really quiet.
Is it electric?
- Something's not right.
- Dude, there's no engine.
- Oh, right.
I forgot.
On this car,
the engine's in the back.
- Now?
- Go ahead.
- Dude, there's no engine.
♪
- Hey, Dr. Phillips.
- Hey, Noah.
I'll go get Gabby for you.
Wait.
I'm picking out
her birthday present.
You know Gabby better
than I'd like.
I've got three awesome choices
but I need help
narrowing it down.
- Here's number one.
- Is that a snow cone machine?
- Hehe.
You know it.
She loves her snow cones.
- Yeah, once a year
at the carnival.
That would be like getting her
a corndog maker.
- So much for number two.
Here's number three.
Gabby always wants shoes.
- Not shoes that light up.
- They'll keep her safe
at night.
All right, fine.
What are you getting her?
- Jar of dirt.
- That's a band, right?
- No. I dug up the spot where
we met and I put it in a jar.
- Gabby told me you two met
at the gym.
- Really?
Then who did I-- Oh, yeah.
I'm gonna need
a whole knew gift.
- Uh-uh.
Not until you help
me figure out mine.
- Noah, when did you get here?
- Oh, a minute ago.
I was just talking
to your dad about...
man issues.
- And that's when you know
it's time to shave your head.
Maybe we'll take this
manly discussion, you know,
out back.
- Oh, what's up with them?
- What's up with you?
I thought you were going to ask
your dad for a sweet 16 party.
- Uh, I don't want to hurt his
feelings.
We've been doing Tepanyacki for
my birthday since I was five.
- Well, this isn't five.
This is 16.
And I was going to use your
party to get my party.
That's how
I get everything I have.
That's how I got braces.
- Sorry I never needed
reading glasses.
- That's okay.
Lot's of people
don't go to college.
- Oh, great.
You guys are here.
Gabby, I have a question.
If you did want a dream party
for your birthday,
what would it be like?
- My dream party?
- Yes.
- It would be in a club.
- Of course.
- With a DJ.
- And maybe karaoke.
- Yes, yes! And a photo booth
with props so we can be all,
"This is me in a mustache.
"This is me in a hat.
This is me just looking fine."
- Hey!
- Hold up there.
You don't photobomb
in a photo booth.
- Yeah, that's how Gina Brown
got a concussion.
- Mm-hmm. She still has,
like, a dent.
- Okay. No photobombing.
What else?
What about mini chicken tacos?
- [gasps] Yes! With mini
guacamole and tiny salsa.
- Gabby,
this party's gonna be so good.
- Thank you.
This is really exciting.
- Yay! My client is going
to love it.
- Hold up.
Did I just plan
another girl's party?
- Yep.
Now what are you going to do?
- Make friends with that girl,
'cause her party sounds great.
♪
- We can talk birthday presents
in here.
Nobody ever comes in here,
'cause it's totally cluttered
with-- a car I've never seen.
- Oh, this is a classic.
- And this classic can be yours
for $200.
And you can customize it.
For example,
add an engine if you'd like.
- You bought a car?
Why?
How?
No, back to why.
- It was supposed
to be a present for Gabby,
except it doesn't run.
But it does have two trunks,
so score!
- Now we have this worthless
piece of junk in our garage.
What's the plan
to get it out of here?
- You'll think of something.
- Me?
- Hey, I'm the kid.
I make the problems. It's the
parent's job to find a solution.
- Yeah, that's democracy.
- You gotta admit,
if this thing was working,
it would be a pretty sweet gift.
I bet you can get an engine down
at the salvage yard
and drop it right in.
- Maybe you could.
- Well, I could.
I'm pretty handy with a wrench.
I mean, if I could afford it,
I'd even fix it up
so it was safe for her to drive.
- I'm pretty handy
with a credit card.
Maybe we can work together.
- So wait.
We're giving Gabby a car?
Like, you and me?
- I think so.
Of course, we'll have to keep it
on the low-low
if we want
to make it part of the surprise.
- Pretty cool there
using "low-low," Dr. Phillips.
- Loose lips sink ships.
- And you're back.
♪
- I can't wait to see the look
on Gabby's face
when she sees her party.
- I can't wait to see the look
on Gabby's face
when she sees her car.
- Only two more days.
Are we the best parents ever?
- Not yet. But we will be.
- [both] Surprise.
- By the way, did your mom
ever throw you a surprise party?
- Every year.
My momma loved me.
[door opens]
- And that's when I told Aaron,
you know it's time
to shave your head.
Oh, hey, Gabby.
- Okay.
I've been thinking.
Maybe I would like
a sweet 16 party.
- Oh, I wish you would've said
something earlier.
It's impossible to put together
a party in two days.
- It doesn't have to be big.
- Well, maybe we can--
- No, we can't.
- I'm just saying--
- No.
- But we--
- No!
Tepanyacki is our
tradition.
It's what we do.
It's who we are.
It's half the reason I married
into this family.
Steak and chicken cooked right
at our table
with a stranger at the end.
- Dad!
- Sorry, honey,
Tepanyacki is who we are.
- Fine!
Forget it!
But when they sing
Happy Birthday in Japanese,
I'm not gonna clap!
- Look at her.
Maybe this party
shouldn't be a surprise anymore.
It has to be.
We are going to give her
the magic I never had.
- I'm not so sure
that's what she wants.
She looks so upset.
- Charlie, she's fine.
If she was really upset,
you'd know it.
- Don't mind me.
Just filling the hole
in my heart with ice cream.
Rocky Road, because it describes
the first 16 years of my life.
♪
- Hi, hi, hi.
Bad news
about the party tonight.
Ain't nobody gonna be there.
- The party's in five hours.
You said we got a ton of RSVPs.
- Oh, yeah. The club's gonna
be packed...next Saturday.
That's the date I put
on the invites.
- What?! Mom!
- Maggie,
this is Gabby's big day.
You know how important this is.
- You only had one job.
- Actually I had two.
You also asked
me to get the balloons.
Still want me
to get the balloons?
- I told you surprise parties
were a whole lot of hassle.
- It wasn't a hassle until
you screwed up the invitations.
Now help me get
some people there.
- I am. I am!
[phone ringing]
- Hey, baby,
you want to got to a party?
- Mother, what are you doing?
- You never RSVPed.
We've called everybody.
- There's the birthday girl.
How does it feel being 16?
A little older, a little wiser,
a little more forgiving?
- What's there to forgive?
I really wanted a party,
but nope, uh-uh.
I get to watch Dad try
to eat fried rice with his hands
while James pokes me
with chopsticks
no one knows how to use.
- Where could we find people
socially lame enough
to be available at the last
minute on a Saturday night?
Ooh! Charlie's got friends.
Charlie, I need you to call
some friends of yours.
What about that guy
Kevin you go to the movies with?
- Kevin's fake.
I made him up so I can go
to the movies by myself.
What? You're always yelling
at the screen.
- Only when they shouldn't go
in there.
Charlie, this party is a bust
- Don't worry.
When Gabby sees this car,
she's not even gonna be thinking
about a party.
- But the party was my gift.
This is from you guys.
- No, it's from everybody.
- Really?
Can I sign the card?
- Of course. But write small,
because it's really from us.
- Deal.
You guys are gonna paint it,
right?
'Cause I don't want my name on
something that looks like this.
- I was thinking we could let
Gabby pick the color
before we paint it.
- I was thinking the same thing.
You know, loath as I am to admit
it, I'm starting to like you.
- Thanks, Dr. Phillips.
Building this car
has been so much fun.
I think I might want
to become a mechanic.
Maybe open my own garage.
Gabby can work out front selling
gum and lotto tickets.
- And you're back.
♪
- Aaron, this guy
is a serious buyer,
so be cool.
- Got it.
Tell him
about the missing engine,
get the money,
don't even count it.
- Other than get the money,
that's completely wrong.
Say nothing.
- It's right in here, mister.
The car of your dreams.
So it's 150 cash and it's as is.
- Yeah, no backsies and no
frontsies either so don't check.
- You know, with a little TLC,
I think this car is going
to be perfect for my daughter.
She's got her sweet
16 coming up.
Thank you, boys.
- Smell that.
That's the smell
of a quick $50 profit.
- How's he gonna get it
out of here with no engine?
- Now that problem?
That's why the legal system
invented no backsies.
[engine starts]
- What the--
- Way to go, genius.
We just sold a magic car.
- This would look great--
Where's the car?
- James sold it.
- What?!
- That guy just drove off
in a car with no engine.
- Not to alarm anyone,
but wizards are real.
- Noah and I fixed up the car.
It was supposed
to be a surprise.
- The word "surprise" is really
not working out for this family.
- Gabby's whole birthday
is ruined.
We'll just have to tell her
what we tried to do
and hope she'll forgive us.
- [sighs] Okay.
But let's not mention the car.
If Gabby hears car,
all I'll ever hear is car.
It'll be living
like a teenaged parent.
- I can't believe this.
I put a lot of work
into that thing.
- And I put in a lot of money.
- Well, one of you could've told
me you put in an engine.
- You said getting rid
of it was not your problem.
If you're gonna be lazy, commit.
♪
- Gabby--whoa.
- This is all I have to show
for my birthday.
- Can you take it off?
We have to tell you something.
- I can't find one person
on earth
willing to come
to Gabby's party.
- What?
- Oops.
- What party?
- You know that party I was
throwing for that other girl?
It was actually for you.
- [muted] Surprise.
- Wait, so I am having a party?
- Yes, but here's the thing.
Due to a mix up on the
invitations, no one's coming.
- [muted] Surprise.
- Oh, we're not doing
that anymore?
- I have a lot
of emotions right now.
- Uh, here.
Be her rock.
- Hey, babe.
So happy birthday.
- That's all you got?
- Okay, let me get
this straight.
You're throwing me the party of
my dreams, but no one's coming?
- Gabby, we are so sorry this
didn't work out.
We really wanted
to make your turning 16 special,
something you'd always remember.
- Oh, I'll remember this--
the birthday I got nothing.
- Nothing?!
- You got a whole club
full of something.
- Ah, it was gonna be in a club?
- And it still is.
- Stephanie worked her butt off
trying to get this party
together for you.
She even got you that tiny food
that you wanted
and a tiny photo booth.
- No,
I think that's regular size.
- [mouthing]
- The point is Stephanie
did all of this for you,
and it is only an empty party
if we don't all show up.
- Steph, you did all that?
Let's go to my party.
- You can even dance
with your old dad.
- And your boyfriend.
- Yeah, but me first.
Whoo-whoo!
♪
- Well, here we are.
Party of your dreams...ish.
Happy birthday, Gabby.
- Surprise!
- Oh, my-- what?!
Look, all my friends are here.
- I see that.
- Oh, I love it.
I love it.
- Me too. How'd it happen?
- Oh, cut it out, Steph.
You guys are the best.
Oh, I can't believe I fell for
the "no one's coming" routine.
- Come on, babe,
let's go get a picture.
- Not before my first dance.
I hope that DJ has
some Luther Vandross.
- Hey.
Hey, mini taco guy.
Don't just make
eye contact and walk away.
- I still don't know
how all this happened.
- Wizards.
- So...
surprise!
- Wait. You faked
the whole invitation crisis?
- Hmm.
- Why?
- Because you wouldn't shut up
about me never surprising you.
So now that I have, shut up.
- Are you kidding?
This is the best day of my life.
Are you gonna do this
for my birthday?
Don't tell me.
I want it to be a surprise.
But, like, do it.
♪
- That was the best party ever.
- Wait a minute.
Where's Stephanie?
- Surprise!
I came in through the backdoor.
- Stop doing that.
- I'm sorry.
- I just love surprises so much,
and I loved that party.
- I loved it too.
I stuffed 23 tacos in my mouth
at once and seven in my pocket.
- That was a great night,
all things considered.
- We didn't even need
to give Gabby that car.
- Give Gabby a what now?
- No, no, no. No, no.
- Come on, Dad.
- No.
- I heard a car.
Gabby want a car.
Gabby want a car!
- ♪